dashboards: updates operator dashboard (#7139)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): add link to vmalert when proxy is enabled. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5924).
* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): keep selected columns in table view on page reloads. Before, selected columns were reset on each update. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/7016).
* FEATURE: [dashboards](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/blob/master/dashboards) for VM single-node, cluster, vmalert, vmagent, VictoriaLogs: add `Go scheduling latency` panel to show the 99th quantile of Go goroutines scheduling. This panel should help identifying insufficient CPU resources for the service. It is especially useful if CPU gets throttled, which now should be visible on this panel.

> * FEATURE: [dashboards](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/blob/master/dashboards): update `operator` dashboard and introduce version for `vm-datasource.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [dashboards](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/blob/master/dashboards): update  [dashboard for VictoriaMetrics k8s operator](https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/17869-victoriametrics-operator/): replace deprecated TimeSeries panels, add latency panels for rest client and Golang scheduler, add overview panels. The dashboard is now also available for [VictoriaMetrics Grafana datasource](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victoriametrics-datasource).
```
